I
can you hear that sounds like when our
belts is come loose I don't think I can
handle that noise for any longer so I'm
going to pull over and see if we can fix
it it's a good idea to inspect your
vehicle before you head into the bush
that way you might be able to avoid
Chuck side repairs or walking out for a
tow back into civilization lucky that we
stopped to check this fan belt so I've
also noticed as a crack in the radiator
hose when I go on a long for driving
trip I always carry a list of spare
parts let's see what we've got until we
can fix it if you're thinking about
taking the plunge and hitting this far
away from the city lights as you can and
it's a good idea to take some spare oil
and fuel filters radiator hoses and fan
belts plus anything else that will keep
your vehicle happy by oil fuel and water
fan belts looking a bit worse for wear
so i think i'm going to replace it and
keep this one as a spare the top
radiator hose is easy to remove while
it's out of the way i'll change the fan
belt on most vehicles as an arm tension
in the belt loosen this and work the fan
belt over the fan don't throw away the
old bill unless it's completely buggered
keep it as a spare
fit the new belt and tension it up nice
and tight hopefully that will fix a
horrible squealing noise if not we'll
just put it down to a nice and thin fit
the new radiator hose boy they give you
a pain to get on when then you tighten
the clamps up properly better amount of
pressure runs through these hoses and
don't forget to top up your coolant if
you don't have any comment with you
water is fine while I've got my tools
out and feel enthusiastic I've changed
the fuel filter suddenly have been
putting off for ages give the o-ring a
quick soaking in diesel and make sure
it's clean this kind of maintenance is
pretty basic and easy enough to do
anywhere as long as you've got a few
basic hand tools remember to bleed the
fuel system let's see how this guy's
sounds a lot better see ya there
you